docs: document Secret configuration for KeptnMetricsProvider types (#2642)
keptn/lifecycle-toolkit: docs-new/docs/reference/crd-reference/metricsprovider.md

  * **type** (required) -- The type of data provider for this instance
  * **targetServer** (required) -- URL of the data provider, enclosed in double quotes
  * **secretKeyRef**
    * **name:** -- Name of the secret used by the provider

>     * **key:** -- Key of the secret to select from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **key:** -- Key of the secret from which to select
```

and access those metrics in evaluations
on all namespaces in the cluster.

Metrics providers may require authentication data.

> These can be stored in a `Secret` and referenced in the `KeptnMetricsProvider`.

Author: ```suggestion
These can be stored in a secret and referenced in the `KeptnMetricsProvider`.
```

Those Secret resources need to be configured differently for each metrics provider.
The `Secret` holding the data must have a specific structure
and contain the required data fields.
For detailed information please look at the [Examples section](#examples).

## Examples

### Prometheus

An example of Prometheus as a metrics provider with a Secret holding
the authentication data looks like the following:

```yaml
{% include "./assets/keptnmetricsprovider-prometheus.yaml" %}
```

> **Note**

> Setting the `.spec.secretKeyRef.key` field in `KeptnMetricsProvider` is not needed,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `.spec.secretKeyRef.key` field in `KeptnMetricsProvider` is not necessary,
```

as `user` and `password` key names are required to be present in the linked Secret.
Setting this field won't have any effect.

### Datadog

An example of Datadog as a metrics provider with a Secret holding
the authentication data looks like the following:

```yaml
{% include "./assets/keptnmetricsprovider-datadog.yaml" %}
```

> **Note**
Setting the `.spec.secretKeyRef.key` field in `KeptnMetricsProvider` is not needed,

> as `DD_CLIENT_API_KEY` and `DD_CLIENT_API_KEY` key names are required to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as `DD_CLIENT_API_KEY` and `DD_CLIENT_API_KEY` key names must be
```

present in the linked Secret.
Setting this field won't have any effect.

### Dynatrace and DQL

An example of Dynatrace as a metrics provider with a Secret holding
the authentication data looks like the following:

```yaml
{% include "./assets/keptnmetricsprovider-dynatrace.yaml" %}
```

> **Note**

> When using Dynatrace as metrics provider you have the possibility to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Dynatrace as metrics provider you can
```

> define the key name of your DT token stored in a secret, which in
> comparison to Datadog or Prometheus is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
define the key name of your DT token stored in a secret, 
which is not possible for Datadog or Prometheus.
```

and access those metrics in evaluations
on all namespaces in the cluster.

> Metrics providers may require authorization data.
> These can be stored in a `Secret` and referenced in `KeptnMetricsProvider`.
> Configuration and creation of Secret for metrics provider
> differs from one provider to another.
> The secret holding the data must have a specific structure
> and contain the required data fields.
> For detailed information please look at the [examples section](#examples).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Metrics providers may require authentication data.
These can be stored in a `Secret` and referenced in the `KeptnMetricsProvider`.
Those Secret resources need to be configured differently for each metrics provider.
The `Secret` holding the data must have a specific structure
and contain the required data fields.
For detailed information please look at the [Examples section](#examples).
```

## Examples

### Prometheus

An example of Prometheus as a metrics provider with a Secret holding

> the authorization data looks like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the authentication data looks like the following:
```

```yaml
{% include "./assets/keptnmetricsprovider-prometheus.yaml" %}
```

> **Note**
Setting the `.spec.secretKeyRef.key` field in `KeptnMetricsProvider` is not needed,
as `user` and `password` key names are required to be present in the linked Secret.
Setting this field won't have any effect.

### Datadog

An example of Datadog as a metrics provider with a Secret holding

> the authorization data looks like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the authentication data looks like the following:
```

```yaml
{% include "./assets/keptnmetricsprovider-datadog.yaml" %}
```

> **Note**
Setting the `.spec.secretKeyRef.key` field in `KeptnMetricsProvider` is not needed,
as `DD_CLIENT_API_KEY` and `DD_CLIENT_API_KEY` key names are required to be
present in the linked Secret.
Setting this field won't have any effect.

### Dynatrace and DQL

An example of Dynatrace as a metrics provider with a Secret holding

> the authorization data looks like the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the authentication data looks like the following:
```
